Let's now do the Quote Post Format.
So let's go to this post in the backend. And let's search for it. And let's edit it using the classic editor. And
as you can see a quote post format will only have a blockquote which can be done using this button here.
And what we'll have to do is also like the link post format, we'll have to display the blockquote and style
it in a certain way like the link. And just display the date and the author.
So when you create a blockquote in the editor it will generate a BLOCKQUOTE tag.
So that's what we're gonna style.
Ok?
So let's create a new file
content-quote.
And it will be exactly like the link.
And as you can see we have our blockquote style like the link. And I also used the class "format-quote"
which is generated by "post" class.
Let's do one more thing.
Let's make sure that when you create a post using Gutenberg everything will be working fine.
So let's create a new post.
Let's call it "quote".
And to add a quote here we add an element which is "Quote".
And let's just write some text and we can also write a citation.
And here we can choose post format "Quote" and let's publish. And let's view this post. And that's fine.
We still have a blockquote and everything is looking fine. So let's go to the next post format it in the
next lecture.
I think we can do, the Chat
Post Format is a bit like the aside and the status,
so I'm not gonna do that.
Let's do the Image Post Format in the next lecture.